docs: add codespaces info (#1428)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

  include that information in your description of the issue
  or in a comment to the issue.

## Contributing for Windows User or via a Cloud Environment

> Windows users will most likely not have `make` installed.
> Linux or MacOS users may not wish to download tools just to contribute to docs.
> 
> In both scenarios, GitHub codespaces can be used as a pre-built and pre-configured development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub codespaces can be used as a pre-built and pre-configured development environment.
This is especially useful for Windows users
who may not have `make` installed.
It is also useful for Linux and MacOS users
who may not wish to download tools just to contribute to docs.
```

Note that changes made to the docs in the sandbox
will be overwritten so the same changes should be applied
to the corresponding doc source in the `lifecycle-toolkit` documentation.

## Tips and Tricks (aka How to Avoid Gotchas)

1. Sign every commit! `git commit -sm "message"`

> 1. Always run `cd docs` then `make markdownlint` to show issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Always run `cd docs` then `make markdownlint` to show issues.
    - Run `make markdownlint-fix` to correct many common errors.
```

> 1. If your PR has one commit, make it semantic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make the PR title semantic and meaningful,
     usually beginning with a verb.
```

> Make it all lowercase.
> Make the commit message conform to the [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) standard:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Make it all lowercase.
1. Make the commit message conform to the [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) standard:
```

`git commit -sm "docs: i did something"`

> 1. PRs with a single commit are very strictly checked for the above conventional commit messages.

Reviewer 3: I think this is not required anymore. Single commit PRs do accept any signed commit message -> PR title is the main source of thruth

Reviewer 2: exactly! single commit PRs are handled the same way as any other PRs now. this restriction was removed now since github finally removed their weird behaviour around single commit PRs in combination with squash and merging

Reviewer: I made suggestions to modify the text.

> PRs with multiple commits are less strict as they use the pull request title instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Be sure that the PR description is complete and meaningful.
1. If this PR is associated with an `issue`,
    reference that issue with one of the following phrases:
    
    ```
    fixes <link-to-github-issue>
    closes <link-to-github-issue>
```
